C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.config
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\FirebirdSql.Data.Firebird.xml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KGUElement.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KTCMElement.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\LightsMove.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\Strage.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\MoveElement.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\VisibleTrainnumber.baml
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KGUElement.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KTCMElement.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\LightsMove.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\Strage.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\MoveElement.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\VisibleTrainnumber.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.CloseWindow.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Miniature.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.UpdateColorElements.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.ChoicePathArrival.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.ChoiceVectorArrival.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.CommandsToPerform.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.EnterTrainNumber.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.UpdateRemarka.resources
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
D:\работа\исходники\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.config
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.licenses
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.config
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KGUElement.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KTCMElement.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\LightsMove.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\Strage.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\MoveElement.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\VisibleTrainnumber.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CloseProgramm.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CloseWindowWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CommandsToPerformWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\EnterTrainNumberWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ShowMessageTrainWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ShowTrainStationWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\StartWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\UpdateRemarkaWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KGUElement.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\KTCMElement.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\LightsMove.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\Strage.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\MoveElement.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Move\Drawgraphics\VisibleTrainnumber.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CloseProgramm.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CloseWindowWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\CommandsToPerformWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\EnterTrainNumberWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\Journal.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\MatchTrainsFormWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ShowMessageTrainWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ShowTrainStationWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\StartWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\UpdateRemarkaWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ViewStations.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\Journal.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\MatchTrainsFormWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\WorkForm\ViewStations.baml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.UpdateColorElements.resources
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.licenses
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
d:\Distributiv\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CommandsToPerformWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\EnterTrainNumberWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowMessageTrainWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowTrainStationWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\UpdateRemarkaWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CommandsToPerformWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\EnterTrainNumberWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\Journal.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\MatchTrainsFormWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowMessageTrainWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowTrainStationWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\UpdateRemarkaWpf.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\Journal.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\MatchTrainsFormWpf.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KGUElement.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KTCMElement.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\LightsMove.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\Strage.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\MoveElement.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\VisibleTrainnumber.baml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KGUElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KTCMElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\LightsMove.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\Strage.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\MoveElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\VisibleTrainnumber.g.cs
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.XML
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.config
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.XML
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KGUElement.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KTCMElement.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\LightsMove.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\Strage.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\MoveElement.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\VisibleTrainnumber.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CommandsToPerformWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\EnterTrainNumberWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowMessageTrainWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowTrainStationWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\UpdateRemarkaWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KGUElement.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\KTCMElement.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\LightsMove.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\Strage.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\MoveElement.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Strage\DrawElement\VisibleTrainnumber.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoicePathArrivalWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ChoiceVectorArrivalWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CommandsToPerformWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\EnterTrainNumberWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\Journal.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\MatchTrainsFormWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowMessageTrainWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ShowTrainStationWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\UpdateRemarkaWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\Journal.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\MatchTrainsFormWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.licenses
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\SCADA.Common.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\SCADA.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.config
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.XML
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\SCADA.Common.dll
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\bin\Debug\SCADA.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.baml
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.licenses
C:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.exe.config
C:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.exe
C:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.pdb
C:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
C:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csprojFakesResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\STP\ARM\system\TrafficTrain.exe.config
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.pdb
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlack.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\BureauBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionDark.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ShinyRed.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\WhistlerBlue.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColor.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorElement.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\ControlColorStatus.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\MainControl\DetailViewStation.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\AddNewColorWindow.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseProgramm.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\CloseWindowWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\StartWpf.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\WindowColor.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Themes\ExpressionLight.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\Window\ViewStations.baml
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.g.resources
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Distributiv\ARM_SHN\TrafficTrain\TrafficTrain\obj\x86\Debug\TrafficTrain.exe.licenses
